Revert "Revert "Add release notes for DevTools 2.15.0 and 2.16.0"" (#7426)
flutter/website: src/development/tools/devtools/release-notes/release-notes-2.16.0-src.md

# DevTools 2.16.0 release notes

Dart & Flutter DevTools - A Suite of Performance Tools for Dart and Flutter

## General Updates
This release included several bug fixes and improvements, as well work

> towards some new features that are coming soon! See the full list of commits for DevTools 2.16.0
> [here](https://github.com/flutter/devtools/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#2160).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
towards some new features that are coming soon!
See the full list of commits for DevTools 2.16.0
[in the changelog](https://github.com/flutter/devtools/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#2160).
```

## Changelog

> More details about changes and fixes are available in our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More details about changes and fixes are available in the DevTools
```
